🔥 Drop support for Python 3.9 (#671)
cda-tum/mqt-bench: UPGRADING.md

This comes as a result of GitHub removing the `macos-13` runners from their infrastructure.
x86 macOS systems are no longer tested in our CI and we can no longer guarantee that MQT Bench installs and runs correctly on them.

### End of support for Python 3.9

Starting with this release, MQT Bench no longer supports Python 3.9.
This is in line with the scheduled end of life of the version.

> As a result, MQT Bench is no longer tested under Python 3.9 and no longer ships Python 3.9 wheels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, MQT Bench is no longer tested under Python 3.9 and requires Python 3.10+.
```
As a pure Python package, mqt-bench only ships a single wheel. Might be worth checking for other Python-only repositories as well.

Author: Makes sense! I will fix this in YAQS! 👍
